so am looking for the instruction manual to look for table of contents.  there's not really a table of contents in the instructions are really, they are typed in a way that's very dense on the page and it's kind of hard to see the titles so that I can know what I'm trying to do. so it's how to make drip coffee which I am trying to do. how to choose a flavor of drip coffee.  that's for the strong or the light option that I'm trying to find out and then I also to do the alarm or time setting part. okay, it says programming automatic start up. okay I'm going to start doing that thing. when the coffee machine is connected to the outlet for the first time, the numbers will the numbers 0 0 0 will flash on the display. okay. I don't if it is plugged in. this is not plugged in. I'm going to plug it in. okay. and it displays that. press the hour button for about 2 seconds about okay I'm looking for the power button.  where is the power button? okay, wait, h, one,  two. okay. until increases before the display stops flashing for about 5 Seconds.  set the time required by repeatedly pressing the hour button. okay, I have to click that again. the hour button is to set the clock.  that's for the time now. Is this by 12 hour or by 24 hour? 11, 12, okay, got it. the time is by twelve hour. the time right now is 4:35 so I'm setting it right now. minutes. okay. by setting hours five seconds, press the hour button for 2 seconds. the hour is changed in the event of temporary power. program automatic startup. you can program the appliance to prepare drip coffee automatically. make sure the time set correctly. set the delayed time, the time you want to make the coffee, proceed as follows: press the auto button for about 2 seconds until 0 0 0 flashes on the display. and set it. okay. click auto. and then I'm setting it to 7:30 a.m. clicking the minutes to reach 30. After five seconds, the display will stop flashing and the programmed time will be memorized. After programming the appliance to obtain coffee at the time set, just press Auto button. the indicator light on a button will come on. If you want to change the delay start up time, press the auto button about 2 seconds and set a new time as is described in point two.  okay. now I have to prepare the drip coffee. Lift the cover. remove the water tank on the right Figure 6. I'm looking for a diagram.  okay.  oh no. I got to flip back and forth. okay.  I'm lifting the water thing. remove the water tank on the right. okay. I'm removing the water tank on the right. Fill the tank with fresh water up to the mark corresponding to the number of cups of coffee to be prepared. taking care to not exceed the max level figure 7. Figure 7 is just a picture of someone putting water in. okay that doesn't really say what Max is. you have to look at the actual water tank to see that. I have to make 2 cups, so I'm gonna fill up two.  I'm filling the water tank up right now.  okay. then it says replace the tank in the appliance, pressing lightly to open the valve on the bottom of the tank. The tank can also be filled without being removed .using the drip coffee carafa marked with the level indicators. I don't know what that means, but I already filled up the tank. I think it is emptying. Is it emptying? I don't know what's going on. I think if the valve is opened, but I pressed gently. open the filter holder by rotating towards the right figure 9. I don't know this is right.  okay I'm gently doing it. but I feel like I'm gonna break it. okay. it's kind of flimsy. position the permanent Platinum filter on the paper filter in a filter holder. okay. I'm grabbing a paper filter. wait, this is or. position the permanent Platinum filter or the paper filter in filter holder.  I don't know what a permanent filter looks like. is this the permanent platinum filter? oh, no. okay. that is the permanent platinum filter. I don't need a paper filter. place the ground coffee in the filter using measuring spoons supplied and level evenly.  it doesn't really say. the picture doesn't really show what level evenly looks like. it's a picture of someone just putting coffee grounds in the filter. okay that's fine. just gonna put two spoons in the filter. according to coffee industry standards, using one standard coffee measure.  what does this mean? one standard coffee measure. two tablespoons of coffee grounds for each 6 oz of water.  the quantity of ground coffee used may be varied according to personal taste.  I don't know what this means. use one standard coffee measure, which is that spoon I guess, for each 6 oz of water.  as if I'm supposed to do how. how many ounces of water is in that water tank. I'm just gonna say that one spoon is good for one cup. close the filter holder and place the carafe on the warming plate with the lid on.  okay. close the filter holder. oh no did I do this right.  close the filter holder and place the Carafe. what is what is a carafe on the warming plate with the lid on. what does a warming plate look like.  okay I'm looking at the description of appliance to look for what carafe is, says Z 8.  look for z 8, oh, it's just the coffee pot. why is that why is saying that necessary? why couldn't just say it a coffee pot? put the lid on. the lid is already on. there's no problem. that's great. the coffee machine features a flavor saver. coffee filter holder to increases coffee infusion time to improve extraction results in coffee has a full intense flavor. much isn't relevant to me. press the drip coffee on-off button the on indicator light on the button comes on and the appliance starts to make coffee. okay I don't think I need to do that because I'm doing the program time.  okay. choose the flavor of the drip coffee. the Accu flavors selector changes the strength of the coffee. I'm trying to make it strong. But does strong necessarily mean it's espresso? I'm looking to see the options in the flavor off in the flavor instruction section. preheating the coffee unit.  how to prepare expresso using the filter holder for ground coffee. and there is cappuccino.  okay I'm just going to go with espresso lift the cover and remove the water tank on the left by pulling it upwords. fill the tank with cold clean water. done that. place the tank lightly. I've done that. pre-heating coffee unit. to obtain expressive the right temperature that coffee machine must be pre-heated.  do I always need to that? how to prepare espresso using filter hobby for ground coffee? turn the selector knob to the zigzag position at least half an hour before making espresso. wait a second. is this gonna be programmed into that? wait, maybe I don't even need to do that. what is the AccuFlavor selector? I'm looking at the machine to see if there's a label for Accuflavor selector. By turning the selector knob the coffee machine can be set for coffee with a strong or light taste. well, I'm going to see if that in the description part there's a symbol for that because if I can just turn the knob I don't have to set it for espresso which isn't really drip coffee I think. that's not a full cup of coffee. okay. I guess. the coffee machine can be set for coffee with the strong or light taste. the Accu flavor selector changes the strength of the coffee. Accu flavor selector, where does it say that. p drip coffee Accu flavor selector.  I'm looking at P. P is a top knob thing. oh, okay, got it. you just turn the knob. okay. everything else under this area. okay I think I'm done it. great.