So I'm supposed to program control to control the DVD player.  so I have his. over here Step 1 install your battery so I'm going to double-check that the batteries are in there and fixing to be batteries so that's a check. step to program your Roku remote which is what I need to do.  universal remote with your home entertainment. the first thing to program at a controller to program the universal remote to operate your devices. through all the codes for the divisor trying to control. totes for the select of devices but it can be faster and the direct code entry let's to enter a code from the. how many calls list for your brand of device something at the mother was potentially the fastest method and the manual controls are generally go through all the? control code to enter a code from the company code list of for your friend fight. which means I don't seem to have any other instruction manual so I can schedule for the Auto close the first option. so many ways turn on the device you want to control okay I'm going to turn this on.  it's on. hold the device key you want to program okay so this is a DVD hold. and once a holding the device use your other hand to press and hold the remote power key. okay. is on and stays on then release both keys I said I told my dad that correctly?  yeah I did it so I'm going to. turn this off again I'm going to turn the DVD player on again. I went to click the DVD button on the remote and then hold down the power button and it's on hold on until the light comes on. police now. remote and wait 5 Seconds okay where is play from now press play and wait 5. remote control is testing about 210 codes on your device okay did your device turn off just added go to stuff. turn back on okay I'm going to wait. turn off turn on again when your device turns off key on the remote. I'm not going to do that because it says do not turn off and stay off play again it turned off Park the room. I'll never once and wait until 2 seconds.  okay then wait 2 seconds. turn by turn on no service again will I get the press the river. refer.  until it turns on. I think I pressed her verse to quickly the first time my family go back to the first step I tried. yeah my device on. okay it is on yes it along it is loading. son graduate for to load first.  now I'm going to. quick DVD.  power.  fun tell the power. off and on again like I told you to. to be working.  okay I mean by power kids not turning off. quick play okay you quick play here.  and the device should turn off. but now it's not even turning off camera the first.  medicine to do working on it. what is a little? what happened between seconds? turn settings 12 program IO remote this for setting maybe I should buy a different one. what about the Derrick code entry that's number three? now that comes with the remote and I don't have the code list I can't hear that one. family turn my remote off.  it says not into your time. go to turn my device off.  and.  you know what I think I'm going to remove. restart the amount I wonder if that will work.  okay it did. I need to go back to the instructions and I want to read through the instructions one more time before I start. Sterling turn on the device you want to control.  press and hold the device he want to program that's going to be my DVD key. Holding Onto You have to press.  the power TM same time until the party turns off and then y. display in 45 seconds okay.  turn on manually again. UT players on loading I'm going to let us know this time. download it and then hold down the power button until it comes on permanently okay? Play N wait 5 Seconds. denture toothpaste hurt no it is on again press play every 5 seconds until your device turns off okay. I want to wait a little bit I'm going to let this load again I think that should bring 5 Seconds.  okay. play again.  again and this time I think it's going to stay off it did not restart. spell number five winners device turns off press the reverse key on the remote and wait at least 2 seconds okay so River ski. 3 divided turn on yes or no it did not. find him to let students know they happened quick reverse again. so somehow working okay.  quicker. still nothing quick Rivers. snow press over to get the remote test the next code in the back. keep pressing reverse ever since I can tell you're different since back on when it does quick stop okay.  one. reverse again one two.  intervention to be working. Surfers.  again not working.  Christmas. fun I wonder why is not working. simpers it turns off. okay now Quick Stop.  okay I click stop. I'm just going to see you whether or not get worked. it works. 