Okay so. right off I'm thinking that the coffee makers really looks really fancy and is complicated. I don't drink coffee so. okay so I open the manual it's bunch of letters and numbers pointing at parts, and still more images.  short code instructions descriptions. I don't know where to look. It's words everywhere how to make expresso how to make drip coffee how to set the clock. that's what I need. okay press hour button.  I didn't look at the image but I'm going to guess that this is the hour button. is it plugged in? no. I got to do that first. okay. hour button. okay, maybe that wasn't the hour button. I'm gonna go check. um what I think the hour button is labled K. so let's see what K is. okay. Hour set button. okay. I was right. oh hold it for two seconds. okay so one two okay. and then numbers before the display stops flashing. oh oops, it's not flashing. okay let's try again. hold for two seconds. Before it stops flashing, set the time seven I'm pressing minutes to get to thirty. 7:30 okay. waiting till it stops flashing I assume this is 7:30 in the morning. It's probably in twenty four hour time I should probably check. I don't want to check. for to make two cups of strong flavor coffee. okay. programming automatic start up. it says you can program the appliance to prepare drip coffee automatically. oh, is that the time right now or is that the alarm time well okay let's just do this first. oh, oops, that's was setting the clock. it's not 7:30, let's pretend it 7:30. um no. We will just say it's 8:30. cuz I don't know what time it is. okay so I read that wrong initially. It's just how to set the clock. that's not how to set what time it makes coffee. okay. press auto right here to the right of the clock. oh, it flashed for a second. I guess I'm supposed to hold it. okay, let's read what it says first. hold about two seconds, set the minute by repeatedly pressing the minutes button hour for hour button. okay so I think this is for the time to. okay. one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. okay if I hold it the numbers don't go very fast it's probably faster to press it myself which is dumb. seven, eight, nine, thirty, okay so I'm just now I'm just letting it stop flashing. okay, goes back to the time it is right now potentially.  after programming the appliance to obtain coffee at time set just press the auto button. okay Auto button is on I assume this means that at 7:30 a.m. it will make coffee. length of warming time I don't think I care about that. make two strong cups of flavored drip coffee. settings. one to five cups. okay so I want to two cups. To improve extraction and aroma when making less than six cups, press the one-to-five cup coffee button figure five. I have no. I think so I'm just looking at it and I think that's the button to the left of the display because it says one to five next to it that I guess I just double check it's um, it looks like figure m and what figure does it say in here. figure five. oh,  I think that's a different thing. figure five, yeah, figure five. yeah, it's the right button.  okay so going back to the instructions. um... press the one to five cups coffee button the LED light will light up. okay.  how do I choose how many cups of coffee it makes. lift the cover. preparing drip coffee. remove the water tank on the right.  so I'm lifting I assume this is the water tank. I think it is. It's got some measurement on the side.  what now?  fill the tank up to the mark corresponding to the cups of coffee to be prepared.  okay so two cups is down here.  I hope. this won't put water on the floor.  let's see. nope okay that's good.  that's about two cups. just put it on the table for a second. yes, two cups. I'm putting it back in the coffee machine. ding. okay. two cups of coffee is good. replace the tank in the appliance lightly press to open the valve on the bottom. I think I did that. let's just push it again. I can't tell. how am I supposed to tell if the valves are open. um. open filter holder by rotating towards the right that makes no sense at all. rotating towards right. rotating what. I'm guessing this thing.  I'm removing the coffee pot cuz it's blocking something. then, okay, there's the coffee filter. that was not a clear instruction at all. it just says literally filter holder by rotating towards the right. I guess I should have looked at the figure. position the permanent Platinum filter or paper in the filter holder. okay so I guess this is the permanent filter. According to Coffee industry standard use one standard coffee measure two tablespoons how much is this? it doesn't say. I don't I don't know how much the scoop is.  using the measuring spoon supplied figure eleven. does it tell me how big it is in figure eleven. no, it does not. it just shows a picture of a spoon. that's silly.  okay, let's see here. Figure. how do I make strong coffee?strong flavor drip coffee? let's see, let's see, let's see. maybe it says later maybe later. let's see. choose the flavor of the coffee, pre-heating coffee in it how to make espresso how to make espresso with Filter holder for pods. cappuccino, cleaning, maintenance, no, it does not. okay. let's see. position the permanent platinum filter holder in the filter folder. Place ground coffee and filter using measuring spoons supplied and level evenly I assume strong coffee just has a lot of scoops of coffee in it. according to Coffee Standards use one standard coffee measure I'm going to assume that this is the standard coffee measure, coffee grounds for each six ounces of water. that's dumb. The tank is measured in cups. I don't know how much an ounce os. we are in Canada. We don't learn that. so I have no idea how much six ounces of water is. maybe that's two cups I don't know. yeah I don't know. The quantity of ground coffee used may vary according to personal taste. okay, so, screw it, I'm just going to put two spoonfuls of coffee.  cuz if standard is one. I'm going to put two for strong coffee.  one.  two.  okay. now what? close filter and place the carafe on the warming plate with the lid on.  I think this is what it's talking about, a little coffee pot?  lid on. check.  and it wants me to make flavor coffee. how to choose the flavor of the drip coffee. how can? by turning the AccuFlavor selector knob, the coffee can be set with strong or light taste. that's how you choose. well, it's gonna be extra strong I guess. okay strong. strong is switched to strong. that's kind of weird. I don't know. when I set what it says flavor I thought it wasn't going to be like the strongness of the coffee. I thought I was going to be vanilla or something. The AccuFlavor selector knob changes the strength of the coffee.  so does that count as the flavor of the coffee? flavored drip coffee. is that what I want?  yeah I think I'm done. 