okay I'm supposed to make coffee but I'm supposed to program the coffee maker to make 2 cups of strong flavored drip coffee at 7:30 in the morning so I'm looking at these instructions. I'm trying to look for some words that can give me better instructions than the pictures that were on the first page. okay, so, I'm looking at page, a few pages in and it says how to make drip coffee, which I think is a good headline. Becasue I'm supposed to make drip coffee and it says how to set the clock when the machine is connected to the outlet for the first time the number zero zero will flash. okay so. is the? I have to check whether the time is set on this. Otherwise, I don't think I can program the setup unless the time right now is set up I'm assuming.  so I have to press hour button for about 2 seconds until the number of hours on the display increases. okay. I see the hour button. I am going to press it for two seconds until it's supposed to show. it's not. is it turned on? you know what I'm gonna go back to the first page of instructions. When coffee machine is connected to the outlet. is it connected? oh, it's not connected. Okay, I'll connect that. Now, okay I see the three zeros that are flashing now I can press the hour button and hold  for 2 seconds. Oh, there we go. so it's showing 2 a.m. I'm gonna set the time for what it is right now just to see what is going on. so right now I'm going to set it to 1 p.m. okay. I set it to 1 p.m. which is roughly the time right now.  now you can okay so it says programming automatic startup you can program the appliance to prepare drip coffee automatically make sure the time set is correct. To set the delayed start up the time you want to make the coffee which is what I want to do, proceed as follows: press the auto button. okay. I press the auto button. before the display flashes, set the time required by repeatedly pressing the hour button. okay. I'm gonna click Auto. I click. supposed to set it to seven am. supposed to click both of these at the same time. no. I want to set it to seven. okay, click Auto. so I'm gonna hold Auto for 2 seconds until zero zero shows up. now I'm going to set it to seven a.m. set the minutes seven thirty okay. go to auto and click the minutes until I get to thirty. okay. now it says 7:30 in the auto button. After 5 seconds, the display will stop flashing and the program time will be memorized. so I'm assuming it has the time now. After programming the appliance, to obtain coffee at the time set press just press the auto button. the indicator lights on the button will come on. If you want to change the display startup time, press the auto button for about 2 seconds and set the new time. okay, I already set the time which is what I think I was supposed to do so I'm going to go on to prepare drip coffee. But before I do that because I believe the time right now it says 7:03 but it's not so I'm just going to click the hour button, and hold it and just set it to one o clock again like which is roughly the time that is right now. now it says the preparing drip coffee so I'm going to do that now since my time is set. Lift the cover and remove the water tank on the right. okay so this is the cover. okay and so there's a water on the right. okay so I want to remove the tank on the right Figure six. Okay I'm gonna refer back to the picture. just to see what figure six is, yes, I'm holding the right one. so I was going to take this out and I think this marks the number of cups it will make. Fill the tank with fresh clean water up to the mark corresponding to the number of cups you want to be prepared. okay. that makes sense. so I want two cups of coffee, so I'm going to fill this up with enough water for 2 cups. okay. Is there any leaking? it's not leaking okay good.  so it's filled with two cups. perfect. I'm gonna to put this back into the coffee machine. okay. the next setting says replacing the tank in the appliance pressing lightly to open the vault at the bottom of the tank there. open the coffee holder by rotating towards the right. I think I'll skip this step. fill the tank with fresh clean water up to the mark responding to the number of cups to be prepared I did that now replace the tank in the appliance. okay so I put it back.  I'm supposed to press lightly on it.  I think that should do. now open the filter holder by rotating towards the right. okay, rotate towards right, figured 9 okay.  what is figure 9 okay it's just this part of the coffee maker. okay, so this is the where I place the filter.  so I'm supposed to put in one filter or am I supposed to put a filter? position,  open the filter holder. okay so I already opened the filter holder. position the permanent Platinum filter or paper filter in the filter holder. okay. there is already. so that's why it doesn't fit. there's already a permanent filter inside of here. so I think I can add my coffee directly to this.  so I will be adding how much coffee will I add. according to coffee industry standard, use one coffee measure 2 tablespoons of coffee grounds for 6 oz of water now I don't know how many ounces of water are in this. But when I use a coffee maker, I usually add 2 tablespoons per one cup of strong coffee so I'll be at 4 spoons roughly of these coffee grounds to my filter. two. three. and four. okay. now that is done. close the filter and place the carafe on the warming plate with the lid on. I'm not sure what that is but I will close this. now choose the desired flavor as indicated in the paragraph how to choose flavor of drip coffee. okay. press drip coffee on off button on the on indicator light on the button comes on the appliance starts to make coffee. To make coffee at programmed time, press Auto button and the auto light comes on. okay, so I'm gonna click the auto button. okay, the auto light came on. great. now to keep the coffee hot after, okay, I don't have the need yet. how to choose the flavor of the coffee,  I will use this to make strong flavor of coffee.  so. it says the flavor of the coffee can be chosen according to personal taste by turning to flavor selection knob. okay, that's figure twelve.  so referring back to the pictures figure twelve. oh okay,  so it says AccuFlavor and goes light to strong and it seems to be in gradient. I'm just gonna to set strong flavor. I am going to move this from light, which it is right now to strong and I am assuming that will work. I think I'm done. 