alright. let's see this. program the coffee machine to make two cups of strong flavored drip coffee at seven thirty in the morning. okay let's see the instructions. well okay.  so. let's see.  okay it's mostly pictures that might be useful depending on. First page is almost. oh, wait, no, this is almostly all pictures except for the actual.  okay well let's see I'll skip to the text and see if there are anything any. important safeguards. It's a coffee maker. I'm not going to do anything weird with it. short cord instructions. short. These aren't instructions. describe the appliance. yeah. it just tells it provides with a short cord. okay, that doesn't matter to me. description of the appliance. Do we really need the description of the appliance as there are already so many pictures? actually maybe we do. oh now I see because on the very first page when they have the images of the coffee maker they're labeled with letters instead of the actual words. but why is the description of the appliance with the actual like Legend much later? shouldn't have that close to the actual pictures? okay, that means that I am gonna have to flip back and forth over. having another safety warning section right below. it's a coffee maker. what am I going to do with it?  okay insulation. Chlorine filter. don't need to. no. how to make drip coffee. okay. oh, here it is. how to set the clock. so I don't think the clock is set right now. so I might need to set the clock. okay. actually. Do I need to set the clock if I want to program? okay, yeah, I'm going to set the clock I guess. okay. press the hour button. I'm gonna guess it probably says H for about two seconds until the number of hours. oh, okay. this is a m. Right now it's almost one p m. so I am going to set it one p m. there you go. and then so just wait for five seconds. oh, okay. having the clock setting we have to wait for it to set, that kind of means that you're rushing against the clock when you are doing anything. guess that means you have to read ahead.  to reset the. okay. so now it's on programming automatic start up. that sounds like what I want to do. but I also want to have strong flavored drip coffee. how to choose a flavor of the drip coffee? is that? okay I want to go read the programming automatic start up part first.  you can program it okay make sure the time is set correctly. yeah. To set the delayed time you want to make the coffee proceed as follows. so I'm gonna read ahead. press the auto button. where is the auto button? indicator lights. yeah. right there. so before the display stops flashing about five Seconds set the time required by repeatedly present hour button. so set the minutes by repeatedly pressing the minute button. after programming the appliance to obtain coffee at the time set just press the auto button the indicator light on the button will come on.  Bear in mind that at the time set the appliance will start to make drip coffee only. okay that's fine. okay so I'm going to set the time first. this should be easy enough. so auto. wait. okay so I want seven thirty a m. okay it's on the a m. setting which means. okay seven thirty. just is wait for it to finish.  and the program time is memorized okay perfect. now the time is done. How do I control the number of cups or the strong flavor? okay. does it say anything about that?  after okay.  so preparing drip coffee. I'm not actually making the coffee now,  so  I don't need to follow all the instructions. lift the cover, don't need to do that. fill a tank. don't need to do that.  open the filter holder. place the ground coffee in the filter.  choose the desired flavor. according to coffee industry. okay this is confusing. Do I have to actually do all of this before before hand? okay so I have to actually do it instead of just programming it. okay. lift the cover and remove the water tank on the right.  oh, no that's a water pitcher, okay. okay found the water tank. fill it with fresh clean water up to the mark corresponding to the number of cups of coffee to be prepared taking care to not exceed the max level. oh, that's easy. I mean it doesn't actually say number of cups. it just says two three four five. but I'm gonna m.ake a guess and assume this is number of cups. so two is the lowest amount I guess. yeah okay. that's done. and replace the tank in the appliance. pressing lightly to open the valve on the bottom of the tank. okay. and then. the tank may also be filled without being removed using the drip Coffee Carafe marked with level indicators.  oh wow. feel that would be easier. should have been.  that should have been earlier. okay. open the filter holder by rotating.  it's funny they don't tell you to close the cover. I feel they should do that unless no.  okay.  so I have to figure out where the filter is? figure nine?  okay that's where the filter is. oh, it's funny because I just realize that you have the coffee pitcher in the way so it's okay. so I open this up.  gonna place. open the filter folder. position the permanent Platinum filter filter or the paper filter. I feel like this is the permanent one.  not too sure.  what is the permanent one? is there like? okay I'm going to go back to the glossary and see if it says? Permanent filter is R one. so let's look at R one. oh, yeah, the permanent filter is already in there. Perfect. and so where is the paper filter? does that mean you don't need a paper filter. I guess you don't? place the ground coffee in the filter using the measuring spoon supplied I'm guessing I should actually put it in okay. and level evenly. in the filter?  Okay so for each  six ounces of water. okay that's funny because I don't know how much an ounce is. I know a cup is two hundred fifty milliliters but if I want to make two cups of coffee. they suddenly went to ounces. okay I'm going to assume that six ounces is a cup of coffee. that sounds about right. yeah, okay. so two level tablespoons. So that means I'm gonna need four if. oh I guess level evenly meant leveling the spoon. okay. so one, two, three four tablespoons. okay. now that's done. let's see. close the filter holder and place that carafe on the warm plate with the lid on. okay.  with the lid on. okay done. okay so now comes back to the programming the machine part I'm guessing. choose the desired flavor as indicated in the paragraph how to choose a flavor of drip coffee. how to choose a flavor of drip coffee. okay with the Accu Flavor system,  the flavor Etc selector knob copy machine can be set for coffee with strong or light taste. okay. that was I am looking for. yeah. two cups of strong flavor drip coffee at seven thirty a m. so I want strong. oh, I guess there's no setting for how many cups you want to make because I'm guessing that is determined by how much water is. so if you just put in the amount of water that you want it'll automatically obtain that much coffee okay. that makes sense. so basically I have left is to make a select flavor. so where is selector knob? oh okay. it's right here. it's funny because you don't need. I feel like the images of the front are too much information because a lot of the stuff is written on the coffee machine itself. yeah. okay. so I'm guessing. the coffee is already on. change it to strong and I think that's it. I think now it will automatically start at seven thirty in the morning.  