okay so I have to copy these two pages.  and look at this massive basic users guide. definitely not basic but okay. okay first page customer service Brother numbers that's not even important. wait, they have frequently asked questions all the way at the beginning. Then they give you a link. what's the point of giving a link in like a physical manual? I mean it's printed somewhere, but giving you. having something online instead of putting frequently asked questions in the manual itself and ask you to follow a link. okay customer service that should be at the back.  ordering accessories. I'm not gonna order more when I already bought a printer. order information. okay. oh my god. when do when do the actual like instructions state. warnings. tables. okay. table of contents. that's should be way at thebeginning. let's see. general information, paper handling, so there is load paper. I'm gonna guess there's already paper in here. change the paper size, no, type, no, recommended print media, special paper, okay. paper handling is not that important. print. print from your computer. print a document. copy. okay. copy a document. oh, there's one right here. copy multiple pages. Okay so I'm gonna go to page twenty-four instead of copy options. okay so, make sure you have loaded the correct size paper in the paper tray. okay. so just tell you how to load the printer.  okay. let me see if there is actually a setting to put two papers in and combine them into one. okay, you must choose a two sided copy layout from the following options before you can start two sided copying. oh, there is one right here. the picture makes it look so easy. one side, wait. Is there a one the thing flipped? apparently there is. I can't figure out what the difference. So when it says like  there's one side into. so the one and the two are both in the bottom right corner of the two pages. But the difference between the two Portrait options seems to be that one of them is flipped.  I'm guessing I don't want to flip it but the fact that they put like the number two at the bottom left corner of the backside and then put the number one at the bottom at the top left corner of the first side makes it a bit confusing. I feel like it's flipped anyway. but I'm guessing the first option. what is the difference between the short edge and long edge flip. That doesn't mean anything to me. but okay I'm going to go with the long Edge flip and trust that's what I'm going to get. okay? so these are the two pages I need. let's see how. oh, I should turn it on. okay. turn it on. oh, no, I think I just put it into deep sleep okay.  so when I press it. it seems to go into deep sleep.  if I press Stop and exit, it did something. why it keeps saying deep sleep. is it in deep sleep? does that mean it is going to go to deep sleep. can you still print in deep sleep? is there something in the manual? let's see. table of contents. control panel overview, that might be it. Let's see. one-touch buttons fax buttons, WiFi. what is the power button do? wait, is this? they show up the model's control panel but it didn't seem to match what I have on the printer. okay then, either I have the wrong man over the company does that thing where they send the same manual for multiple models of printers, which is OK. but if you have pictures and all of a sudden it kind of confused things. okay. I'm gonna assume some of these buttons match up. okay. turn on the machine.  okay. maybe I'll just get started and see if it works. okay, I'm gonna load, let's see, make sure you've loaded the correct size. if you're copying. oh, I shouldn't go to copy, because I don't know what some of these words mean. what's the ADF? okay. in the ADF, you know, I would think that the meaning of ADF would be in the general information. but it's not. Oh, okay now I see a page that actually matches up with the control panel that I have.  so basically, the reason this manual is so long is cuz they have a lot of redundant painted over here. okay that makes sense.  I guess. initial setup. so I'm in the load paper thing, but they don't tell you what the ADF is. is there like a glossory? oh, there is an index. oh, automatic document feeder. okay. so if you are copying multiple pages we recommend using the ADF.  I'm copying multiple pages but only want one to come out. so place the document, okay, do one of the following, place a document face up in the ADF or face down on the scanner glass. scanner glass seems more accessible. So I'm gonna do that.  so scanner glass. do one of the following. they always say do one of the following. why are there so many choices? it's a printer. okay. For MFC models or for DCP models, again, I have no idea what these mean.Okay, glossory, it is. index.  MFC. that is not in the index. that's useful. okay. I'm gonna wing it and hope for the best.  so. let's see. okay. I'm on the copy multiple pages on both sides of paper. I'm going to do the one-sided to two sided long edge flip. so again, it says do one of the following: place it face up in the ADF. not, I'm not gonna do that, cuz I don't know what the ADF is. I am not sure my model even has that. it might. but I'm not gonna look for it. cuz it's different in the pictures. so I'm just going to place it face down on the scanner glass. Okay, I'm gonna start with that.  see this picture. the paper fits perfectly on the scanner glass. but it won't fit perfectly under scanner glass in real life. so what do I do? Do I put it in the top left corner or the top right corner? Let's see the indications over there.  I can't figure anything out.  there are no marks. like these marks on the side tell you that A4, but does that mean I put it in that corner? or maybe, okay, maybe I put in the top left corner cuz that's where the two marks meet. I'm gonna do that. I don't know which one will set right side up. it says okay I'm assuming that's an f and that's a right side up so okay. okay, I put it in the top left corner. gonna hope for the best. For MFC models, what? I don't know if I have an MFC model. okay press. wait, is there more on the next page? okay, see this is a bit ridiculous cuz I have to turn the page and it says if you are copying using the scanner glass go to the next step. But I can't tell that means that  I should have followed this from the beginning or not. okay no okay. Now I understand. so like that comes later on. so for MFC models, I don't know if I have that, press copy. I'm gonna press copy. Let's see.  so I don't have an actual copy button. I have two buttons that are both copy and one of them says options and the one says 2 in 1 ID copy. I don't know either of these means. That's not in the manual. okay so if I read the entire like full sentences. do one of the following, press two sided or press option, and press up or down to display the two sided option and then press okay.  there's a button that says two in one ID copy, but that doesn't mean two sided. I don't know what it means. so I am gonna press options. okay. quality. no. I don't need to care about quality. says press up or down to display the two.  okay I'm gonna press down. stack, sort, no, I don't need that. Brightness. I don't know what that means. no, contrast, no, enlarge reduce, no, page layout, no, I guess not. oh, two sided, here it is. and then press okay. okay. and then, and then I'm gonna. syas off but okay so I'm going to select one side to two sided L, which I'm guessing lines up with the one before. one-sided to two-sided L. wait, is that what I want? yeah, one-sided to two sided long edge flip. one-sided to two sided L. okay, that should be what it is. and then press OK.  and the number of copies, as one, okay. so press OK. I press okay but. so enter the number of copies and then press, press start. I got used to pressing OK, so I thought you just pressed that, but you press the start to scan the page. okay. now it says next page.  press one or up to scan the next page. yes. set the next page and press OK. alright I'm going to.  set the next page. orient it exactly the same as before and hope it works,  and then press okay. okay and then press two or down to scan the next page. I've done that. so done. let's see if it works. and I think I got it to work. alright.