okay so I'm looking in the manual for how to copy and I'm looking for the table of contents. but I oh found it okay. I'm looking for how to copy it. that's chapter 4 and page twenty-one. oh, wait, it says there is copying two-sided document using the scanner glass, copying multiple pages onto both sides of the paper page twenty-four. I'm flipping to page twenty-four.  it says You must choose a two-sided copy layout from the following options before you can start two-sided copying. so different options. I'll be choosing the portrait and long Edge flip. so, I'm looking at the menu. and then, reading instructions. it says make sure you have loaded the correct size paper in the tray.  okay that's done. do one of the following, place the document face up in the ADF, which I assume is the scanner bed. press the copy button for copy.  I can't find the copy button. it says for MFC models.  I don't know this is a MFC model. this is not an MFC model. okay do one of the following, press two sided. press two sided, I'm looking for it on the printer and I can't find it. okay, it's copy, I found it, just number two. person okay. that changes the settings, not what I'm looking for. press two sided. general setup, machine info, there's a copy section on the printer. it says press two sided. there is one option says 2 in 1 ID copy. okay got it. press options. press upper down to display the two-sided options and then press okay that's not what it did. and it's copying something that I didn't want. I'm gonna try again. I go to options. brightness, contrast enlarge page layout. okay, off one in one, one in two L, one in two p. I don't know what the l or p means. I guess l stands for long I don't know what the P stands for.  I'm gonna press okay temporarily. start copy I'm gonna change it to two. press OK. and then looking back at the instructions. there is L and S on the instructions but it says L and P on the printer which is really confusing. enter the number of copies, I did that.  press start to scan the page. okay I press start. and the instruction says if you are copying using the scanner glass, go to the next step after the Machine scans the page select yes or no option. press one to scan the next. where is the up button?  so I'm taking in a piece of paper out the next piece of paper in. and then the printer says that place the next page and press okay which I'm doing now. and it asks me if I have any next page which I don't. it's a no. okay that didn't do what I wanted.  It printed two pages on one side of the paper instead of one on both sides. I'm very confused right now.  okay.  I'm going to try again. go to options.  multiple pages on both of the paper. press two sided. where do I press two sided? I don't see an option for two sided.  option stack sorts. contrast, page layout okay two-in-one.  four in one.  off. one and and one okay. I think that's it actually.  okay.  back to options and then page layout, 1 in 1, 2 in 1.  one sided, two-sided. one sided to two sided l.  it says two in one. not one to two. and four in one. I can't find one in two. okay that no.  I clikced two in one copy and now it printed. It just printed what I have on the scanner. that's not what I want. I'm looking at the instructions again.  I don't know. where to choose a two-sided coffee layout. I'm going back to the menu.  and trying to choose two sided somewhere.  brightness contrast ID copy.  I don't think it is. printer Network machine info.  General setup. stack sort no that's just stack sort. maybe it's I'm going to try p and see if that works.  and then I'll click start. oh no.  it just says one of one that's going to Copy.  okay and it says next page. okay. I'll put in the next page and pressing up button. I'll put the next page in and click okay. hope it does my thing. it asks me if I want to do a next page I'm saying no. it didn't do what I wanted. I give up. Do I have to keep going? I don't know how to figure this out. I'm so confused right now.