okay so I'm looking at the basic users guide on how to use this scanner. I just want to see if there is a legend or something that tells me what the sections are. however I don't seem to find that so. oh, it's here. it's on a few pages and there's the table of contents and it has different sections. I am copying. I'm making copies. section four Page twenty one it says it's for copying so I will go to page twenty one. okay so I'm on page twenty one and it has instructions on how to copy a document. so first make sure you have loaded the correct size paper in the paper tray. I'm going to assume that is. yep. it's done. do one of the following place a document face up or face down on the scanner glass. I think I am gonna put it face down on the scanner class so I'm going to open the top and place this down.  okay. so I have placed it face down on the glass. now I have to press one of the following buttons. copy. I wonder how you do it double sided however because this does not tell me how to do it double sided. so I'm going on the page twenty four now and you must choose two sided page layout before you can start two page copying. okay so I need to select that first. And I can't seem to find where that button is but it does say two and one copy. I wonder if that's what it is. okay, so I look at that. no, that doesn't seem to be it.  I'm going to manual. there's General setup copy okay I will select copy.  quantity. I remember no this is quality okay I read that wrong go back brightness contrast. ID. I wonder if it's an ID. I'm gonna click on ID, and oh okay it says two in one. I don't think that's what it is.  I seem to be having trouble finding where the setting is exactly. So I'm gonna go down. I'm gonna select copy again. I'm gonna click options. I still don't seem to find exactly how to do this. okay, so I'm just gonna start scanning and I'm gonna see what happens. It doesn't seem to start okay I'm going to clear and I'm going to stop this, and exit it. copies two. okay. it seems to be copying. I wonder oh no it did not work. I think it is just printing out the one page. I don't think I was able to do the two sided page. yep, it just printed two copies of the first page and did not do the two sided page. I'm going to go back to set options.  there is stack, no, go back to options, qualities stack brightness contrast enlarge reduce page layout two sided okay.  it was off I will turn that on now. one sided to two sided yes.  okay now I think it will work now I will scan both of my pages. it does ask me to check the connection. is there a problem? it asks me to check the connection. okay. I'm progressing okay. you know what I'm going to go exit. I will start again. I think it's starting to copy now. okay. I will replace the first side with the second side. Again it's not actually do the two sided copy despite the fact that I thought I entered it. Do I keep going? okay going to take a while I'm going back to instruction even though I don't think I found them helpful to see if I missed anything.  okay.  there is brightness, contrast enlarge two sided. available for certain. okay, it says one sided to two sided. there's a large and there's a small okay okay so that means long and short side don't think that matters.. okay I think I was supposed to click another button which I did not click. so I'm going to try to do that again. so I'm going back to options. I'm going down to two sided clicking okay Switching off to two sided. and I think that's set two copies I'm going to try this one more time.  I'm put the paper in. click Start.  it copied the first side. okay, it says next page and I think I'm supposed to click the up button, so I put in my second page and going to click the plus button because I think that is my up. I think I press okay now so I clicked okay. it asks me to set. maybe the first one did not set properly so I will set the page again. and I will click okay. Okay I got it. and it's making the two sided copy now. that took really long.